do
K
done
now
cash I
ass
UK for his the best games I've
played in the past 10 years
this is a game that set for
violence phone explosions
love lovely ladies of the night
and
/img /url crew GTA fashion it's
also
who love lots of jokes and
inside commentary
call me good Niko Bellic is
the main character and he ate
but the real star is the city
Liberty City
his case of New York and you'll
see a lot of famous landmarks
from
you know the Brooklyn Bridge to
the Empire State Building the
statute with me but each with
their own little twist and make
them
have a part at the TT universe
rather than it being actual
New York the just an incredible
amount of detail University
I from the pedestrian the DC
walking around you know them
just walk around the city
you don't really see the same
person twice so much variety
don't want to go come in a GTA 4
has been greatly improved when
we sin san andreas another Grand
Theft Auto games and the pack
had a big change is cue card in
his firm hand with the addition
have a cover said
the cover system is a really big
part of the game and it's not
something artificial were
you know it says out here this
one block you give me I pretty
much the entire city is
open field he season-high if you
wanna drive a car into an area
where there's like a gang
members
swerving around how about a car
and you that cover
you can't do that you can wind
fire even with an RPG
had you know you can pop and
Hughes and
the enemies like to use cover to
survey I a lot smarter than
mississippi
got here
the visuals are so much stronger
than it than any he he a game in
the past now
obviously this is the first UK
game a new generation of
consoles
I am rock serve really made use
of the technology
everything runs a lot better you
don't have it on at the frame
rate issues that you to play the
game the past
there are a lot of bugs either
in the game it just looks
gorgeous weather looking at the
360 were him for the ps3 version
to see some detail in the
environment and especially at
night the city just wiped out
and I really like New York you
know in the day it looks alright
it's just kind of a crowded city
but
when you get in the night time
especially if they if you're
taking a helicopter ride
he looked at the city it really
is Marvel parquet
that topic all this Great Scott
in the single player campaign
which
could take anywhere from 30 to
45 hours to complete
you've also got mobile and
immobile where is ridiculous
because
its 16 people online in Liberty
City with the entire city opened
the cops can be on the
pedestrians can be on the
traffic can be on
everything that you experience
in the single player game minus
the storyline actually exist in
the multiplayer for up to 60 the
plan had
all the motif where you really
invested heavily fun and just
living in that CDs I with so
much going on
its aku keeps the coup technical
feat and
you know live the single player
with an accolade the multiplayer
is enough to make each year for
work do you
it's been nearly a decade and
idea and gave any game at hand
but there's a reason why that's
changed now UK fortin
simply when the best games I've
ever seen %uh the single player
has an acquittal madame def that
the city is absolutely stunning
to just walk around in
and the motif where is one of
the best that ever seen as well
have an entire package for only
£65 20 buy it on 360 or ps3
I you're getting a game if
probably a worth spending three
hundred dollars %uh certainly
worth picking up
I definitely the best in the
series and you know usually a
contender for a game of the year
do